[Music]
hello welcome to another episode of
family cooking I'm Kathleen BBC good
food welcome to my kitchen today I'm
going to show you how to make a really
easy chicken pasta bake for the whole
family will love
[Music]
to make this recipe you'll need some
dried pasta I'm using penne but you
could use whatever you've got in the
cupboard a couple of chicken breasts
some grated cheese I'm using some
cheddar but you could use mozzarella if
that's what you've got some cream cheese
or mascarpone an onion and a couple of
garlic cloves two tins of tomatoes and
some basil so all we need to do to
prepare is finely chop the onion crush
the garlic and cut the chicken into
bite-sized pieces
[Music]
okay so our ingredients that we'll
prepared and we're ready to start
cooking so I've just heated a couple of
tablespoons of olive oil in a large pan
and to that I'm going to add the onions
and I'll just sweat these over a low to
medium heat for 10 to 15 minutes until
they're really nice and soft and just
darkens caramelize and I've just been
doing them every now and again to make
sure they don't burn they look lovely
and soft and they're just dancing to
caramelize so I'm going to add in the
garlic you can also add a pinch of
chilli flakes at this stage if you like
a little bit of spice and just stir that
around the pan for a few minutes make
sure you don't burn that garlic's it
burns really easily and then tip in your
lattes
so I'm just going to season and source
of pinch of salt and some sugar give it
a good stir and then I'll pop the lid
partially on and just leave it to bubble
for about 20 minutes and so we've got a
really nice rich thick sauce while the
sauce is cooking I'm just going to fry
the chicken so just looted a tablespoon
of oil in a frying pan and I'll just fry
this for about five minutes until it's
nice and golden and cooked through
okay so the sauce is looking really nice
and rich and thick now so I'm just going
to leave the lid off the last few
minutes of cooking just lay reduce down
a bit more and meanwhile we'll start
cooking our pasta now the water is
bubbling away nicely for a start
something pop back in and cooking it's
just cooked with a little bit of fight
still and I'll also add the chicken and
our cream cream to the sauce
let's give that a nice stir so this
recipe makes a really nice basic pasta
bake but you can really play around with
what you add to it so if you put some
bacon or lardons or even some chorizo in
the fridge that would be really lovely
or you can add some roasted veggies
maybe some peppers aubergine courgettes
and also different herbs if you've got
some rosemary and thyme even some sage
anything would be really nice so use
this as the base and then play around
and have fun with it okay so the pastas
cooked I'm just going to drain it cooked
pasta to the sauce and give that a good
stir just going to add some fresh basil
you could do some parsley if you've got
some at home and then just top it with
some lovely grated cheese and I've got
some cheddar here but mozzarella would
be lovely and it would give you a really
nice stringy cheesy topping so now we're
just going to bake that for 20 minutes
until it's nice and golden and bubbly
okay so that is how you make my really
easy chicken pasta bake doesn't messed
up yeah I hope you love it
[Music]